One.
And we're live gentlemen,
Doctor Neil Riordan.
Am I saying that right?
Yes sir.
And Mel Gibson,
how are you sir?
Hey,
how you doing?
Welcome on board folks.
First of all,
thanks for coming here.
Really appreciate it.
Very nice.
Meet you.
Nice to meet you too.
So this,
uh,
you wanted to come in and talk about stem cells.
Yeah.
So what is,
what's your experience been and what,
what is,
uh,
what's this calling that you have here?
Well,
I
was,
uh,
initially it was for my dad who was,
you know,
he was 92 and uh,
and he was doing all the old man stuff,
you know,
his hip was killing him and he was like,
uh,
he had,
he had multiple problems.
I mean,
I won't get into the whole litany of complaints,
but hey,
you know,
your engine starts wearing out and you've got to replace the carburetor and a
few other things.
And I took him to the Mayo Clinic,
great place.
If I ever get into serious trouble,
that's where I'm going.
And they were fantastic there,
but they were able to say,
hey,
you got to leave me here.
It'd be dead in 48 hours.
I'm like,
oh.
So they,
they clocked every problem that he had.
Everything from,
you know,
the prostate to the,
to the hip,
to the kidneys,
to the heart,
to the lungs,
you know,
the whole deal.
And um,
he,
uh,
um,
you know,
they,
they stabilized him.
They said,
okay,
we'll do this and we'll do this.
And they did some,
you know,
Orthodox medical procedures all allowed in this country.
And uh,
they were great.
But,
uh,
you know,
I still had reservations about him getting a hip replacement because he was old.
And of course,
just the recovery from a dramatic surgery at that age is like,
it's a big deal.
And I thought,
well,
what can I do on my brother says,
why don't you look into these adult stem cells?
I'm like,
Eh,
you know,
I've heard things about this,
you grow,
you grow a spare mouth on your head,
you end up with an extra asshole or something.
But I was like,
okay,
we'll look into it.
So we did.
And of course,
a buddy of mine who was a,
who was a Mayo Doc,
he said,
stay away from those witch doctors down in Panama.
He said,
it's like a leprosy and banana boats and three legged dogs,
you know,
and I'm like,
can we call him?
And so,
uh,
so Brad and I got on the phone to Neil and who else was it?
Doctor Pause or medical?
Yeah,
there was the two of these guys.
And um,
so they're talking to highfalutin terms,
medical,
all being Medicos,
you know,
they sort of,
they know what a Mesenchymal stem cells or Mesenchymal,
how do you say it?
Misses linkable.
Yeah.
Mesenchymal,
you know,
and uh,
Cytocon ms income,
all cytokines,
you know,
out of sight,
out of kind as far as I'm concerned.
But it's like they,
uh,
they give us the wristwatch show over the phone for about an hour and the
doctor's asking them questions that can't even think of.
So when we hang up,
I said,
no,
you know,
translate what is all at me.
And he's like,
he translated a few things.
He says,
you know,
it sounded kind of interesting,
pretty good,
you know,
and from being a naysayer,
he said,
let's call him back and I think we call you right back.
And,
uh,
we spend another hour on the phone.
And,
uh,
well to his credit,
Brad,
Brad asked for a bunch of literature and I sent him maybe 30 articles and most
physicians wouldn't even look at it,
but it was all relevant to what hut had.
And,
uh,
you know,
for the heart,
heart problems and kidney problems and,
and,
uh,
orthopedic problems.
And he read all the articles and he read,
he read the upside,
the downside,
and,
and then,
then we had a,
to his credit,
then we had a very educated,
uh,
talk after conversation and which he,
and he was,
he was really,
you know,
by this time informed I,
and he,
he,
he just said to me,
well,
you know,
he's 92.
He says,
what the hell you got to lose?
And I said,
no,
nothing,
let's go.
So I'm up for it.
We asked him,
is he up for it?
He goes,
hell yeah,
cause he's,
you know,
they took him into the hospital.
He was 92.
And they said,
what medications are you on?
He said,
I'm not on any.
And they said,
you're 92 years old.
How do you account for not being on any medications?
This is because I stay away from doctors and hospitals
and you know,
and he didn't have any problems.
He started to have have a rough trip.
Well,
uh,
we took them down there and he got,
I think it was like a double dose in the hip.
I think he gave a word,
you have to go,
this is not legal in America.
So what's going on right now?
There are clinical trials going on in the u s but it's not broadly available.
And in Panama they passed the law in 2004,
which allowed us,
allowed doctors actually to go down there to be able to treat people with using
adult stem cell.
So the bill was actually designed to prohibit the use of embryonic stem cells.
And in this at the same law,
they said it's okay to use adult stem cells,
including those from a biblical cord basically from ethical sources.
And so,
um,
in Panama they,
they gave us a,
we have a license from the Ministry of Health to manufacture and use those cells
in addition to doing clinical trials there.
So it's one place on the planet where you can get a really high quality
umbilical cord.
These,
this type of cell,
there are two major kinds of stem cells.
We only work with one kind,
the Mesenchymal or we just call it [inaudible].
It's a lot easier.
And um,
so anyway,
that's,
that's how I think we were actually,
we actually owned apartments in the same building and Panama never met each
other.
And we met,
we met through his brother finding us on the Internet and then you go,
and then they brought him down to get treatment were we were quite hesitant to,
to take him,
you know,
cause the last thing you don't want is Mel,
Mel Gibson's dad to drop dead in your clinic and he wasn't in great shape,
you know,
so he wasn't in good shape at all.
But uh,
you know,
as I recall when he got there,
he was in a wheelchair and wasn't talking a lot and things like that.
And Yeah,
having a pretty rough time.
And,
and then,
uh,
so we,
after getting medical clearance for him to actually fly down there and melted
them down there privately,
uh,
then we,
we did some ivs on him first in the clinic and then to do the hip,
we need to do that.
Did some ips.
What do you mean?
So we give the umbilical cord,
these are,
these are isolated from the,
the basically the,
the meat of the umbilical cord.
Uh,
they're isolated and they're grown in our laboratory,
which is,
you know,
ISO 9,001 and very high quality and certified by the Ministry of Health.
Um,
the,
they're grown in the laboratory and they're certified to be free of everything
and in any kind of infectious disease.
And,
and,
uh,
I went into this
clean rooms and they make it put on hats and gloves and you know,
you feel like all Frankensteined out and you'll walk into these cold rooms and
you're watching cells divided under the microscope.
It's kind of miraculous,
really look at this stuff.
So intravenous stem cells,
right?
Intravenous.
That's correct.
And what,
what's the benefit of intravenous stem cells?
Like what does that do?
Well,
the good thing is that this,
this kind of stem cell,
the Mesenchymal stem cells are found throughout your body.
And they're the,
normally what they do is they,
they modulate your immune system,
they decrease inflammation,
and they stimulate regeneration.
So,
and the good thing about them is they tend to home to areas where there is
inflammation.
So intravenously,
they do a lot of things,
uh,
and,
but they can hone to areas of inflammation and uh,
and they,
they really reduce inflammation in the body because they upregulate part of your
immune system that that controls the inflammatory process,
which I can talk more about later.
But,
um,
in his case,
you know,
his kidneys were in trouble.
His heart was in trouble.
And the cells,
they don't,
unlike what we used to think in the early days,
they don't become anything.
These kinds of,
this kind of stem cell does not become anything in your body,
but at homestead,
areas of that need repair and it secretes things that stimulates the repair and
decrease the inflammation and helps out with the immune system.
So the vast majority of what we treat our autoimmune diseases and um,
[inaudible] hots case,
we gave him IB so that,
that he could basically have these things on board.
So creating the,
the secrete the cytokines and the,
and the growth factors that are normally secreted.
And when you're 92 and you have multiorgan failure,
you're basically running on fumes.
And so you put these days,
Jiro young healthy cells and they secrete these things that kind of restarts
everything.
Yeah.
And so what was his response to this IV?
The treatment.
Wow.
Uh,
I,
you know,
I could,
I can wax lyrical about that.
He's almost a hundred years old and,
uh,
from pretty bad shape.
It was like bee stings.
It was like he got a new lease of life.
Like he got a big dose locally in the hip,
which a fixed all his inflammation and pain and he started walking again and his
kidneys were good and his heart,
he had a prolapsed valves there and they healed.
And uh,
his,
um,
cognitive powers improved.
His eyesight improved.
Whoa.
You know,
and other stuff improves that I,
he would hate me to talk about.
But he had two nurses that reported to me and it was like,
holy mackerel.
Wow.
Using it as a towel rack.
Well,
Dan Bilzerian was telling me about intravenous stem cells,
these,
and so his boss route and you know,
boss,
former UFC heavyweight champion,
he went down and got some,
he's had some pretty significant neck injuries and neck fusions,
and he said he got intravenous stem cells.
And the way he described his,
like with his Dutch accents,
like it was like I had lightning coming off my fingers like that.
He can go to you.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
He said it was phenomenal.
I mean,
he said it's one of the most incredible experiences I've ever had.
Okay.